Notes for meeting with Colleen and Leslie:
1)Do PRVs need to be tweaked at all?
I think that they should not be closed complete until there is something in the case note/the interaction has been
opened up by the person who created it and they can just type NtA if there is nothing to add or something
Otherwise, there should be a note about any followup or contact with the participant.  The same goes for the AA thing that roz and I were arguing about


2)Any automated closed completes that are not happening?

3)Naming convention inconsistencies you may be seeing
Are we talking on our end, or on the systems?

4)Return mail inconsistency - get some examples of this
Naming inconsistencies